Feature/dx 1117 metadata (#631)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: _includes/metadata.md

{% assign api_resource = include.api_resource %}
{% assign documentation_section = include.documentation_section %}

## Metadata

Metadata should be used by the merchant who wants to store data on a payment
that they can get out later when they make a `GET` request on that payment. See the
abbreviated `GET` request below.
SwedbankPay does not use this in the system other than to store the data and give

> back it to the merchant who needs them. An example of this is if the merchant has

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it back to the merchant who needs them. An example of this is if the merchant has
```

> 
> ## Metadata
> 
> Metadata should be used by the merchant who wants to store data on a payment
> that they can get out later when they make a `GET` request on that payment. See the
> abbreviated `GET` request below.
> SwedbankPay does not use this in the system other than to store the data and give
> back it to the merchant who needs them. An example of this is if the merchant has
> several internal systems where the actual creation of a payment takes place in
> one system but post-purchase takes place in another system.
> The merchant may need to send more data between these systems if they do not talk
> to each other internally. This can be done by using the `metadata` field as shown
> in the abbreviated `Purchase` request below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{% if api_resource == "paymentorders" %}
  {% assign api_resource_title="payment order" %}
{% else %}
  {% assign api_resource_title="payment" %}
{% endif %}

## Metadata

Metadata can be used to store data associated to a {{ api_resource_title }}
that can be retrieved later by performing a `GET` on the
{{ api_resource_title }}.

Swedbank Pay does not use or process `metadata`, it is only stored on the
{{ api_resource_title }} so it can be retrieved later alongside the
{{ api_resource_title }}. An example where `metadata` might be useful is when
several internal systems are involved in the payment process and the payment
creation is done in one system and post-purchases take place in another.

In order to transmit data between these two internal systems, the data can be
stored in `metadata` on the {{ api_resource_title }} so the internal systems do
not need to communicate with each other directly.

The usage of `metadata` field is shown in the abbreviated `Purchase` request
below.
```
